On the brink of spring
The flower of the flower of Tsubaki is connected to the flower of the flower of Tsubaki.
I wonder if it's conscious.
The mountain of the new life is the white snow of the mountain again.
I think about it with my heart.
The long mountain of the other side is the comfort of the tears that the moon is flowing.
I wonder if the white snow is like the white snow in the cloud.
The flower of the flower of Tsubaki is connected to the flower of Tsubaki.
The only thing that is lonely and unremarkable is the car of the hotel in the garden of the cherry blossoms of the 100 yen shop.
The white snow is the white snow of the mountain again.
The flowers of the flower of Tsubaki are connected to the flower of Tsubaki.
The cherry blossoms of the cherry blossoms are connected to the flower of Tsubaki.
When I get on the boat to the harbor, I'll go to the north coast to cut the hay.